thank you very much now we've assembled
some lead singers from some of the top
tribute acts and the country to perform
for us this morning they're going to be
performing in the red cows it's coming
thursday night we have Bon Jovi Queen
the kings of leon the killers and you to
look at it look at bono here giving it
all I tell you bona note that i didn't
wanna know that they're spreading
Mercury's here as well these tribute
acts as i say they're going to be
performing in the Red Cow this coming
Thursday night it's all part of the
children to lapland appeal the children
to lapland bring turley ill and long
sick children to visit Santa in Lapland
at Christmas and it's a great cause if
you want to help raise some money for
the charity and have a brilliant night
will be Sigma this and talking to the
lads a little later on about their big
in the red curve tickets available at
the door in the Red Cow let's go way up
above our state but now back in the
studio if you're a fan of queen or Bon
Jovi will stay with us because they
won't be here but all the best tribute
bands are joining together this morning
in aid of the children to Lapland
absolutely chaos out here we've
assembled some of the lead singers from
some of the best tribute bands in the
country who are all going to be playing
the Red Cow hotel this coming Thursday
night in aid of the children to Lapland
appeal now at the children to Lapland
appeal is aggressive people know if they
watch the program is very close to my
heart that they send terminally ill or
long-term sick children to see Santa at
laplander Christmas and these guys have
very graciously got together and are
going to all perform this thursday night
I am and next thursday there's going to
be another gig also in the red car would
Abba ask and a tribute to Joe Dolin but
this is the one we're talking about at
this coming Thursday because it's going
to be fantastic the first time we have
to say hello to them it's the Knights of
Leon the you to Joshua Tree the Queen
experienced the copycat killers and the
Bon Jovi experience as well so you're
all very welcome so tell us about this
gig on Thursday nights going to be a bit
of a
well isn't it yeah it's gonna be great
just to big stages 5x and there its
twenty euros yen is gonna be really good
show so I mean literally it's the first
time that used like yours all do your
own things the first time is it so
they're a bit of competition going on
like between the the night Celine user
on last so does that mean you the
headliners I think so yeah but I there's
no competition yeah I don't know that's
Freddie it thinks the reason you know i
think freddie like them so long just get
to play each 45 minutes 45 minutes how
long have you been doing your Freddie
Mercury 10 months only 10 more me ten
months alright and how long have you
been doing bono because you've been
really to show Tron shapes here all
morning a viewer for four years in two
different air you two tributes all right
you really had it down to the down to a
tee earlier on which mr. Fox yeah I tell
you very good now the the copycat
killers how long have you been going
because I mean the killers aren't going
that long well I mean we've been
together now for quite a while but we've
only been doing this killer sting for
the past past few months and we realized
there were three albums of good material
to work from and God so we just got on
top of the gun and of course Bon Jovi
has so many great here to rock the place
oh it's great it's greater we've been
doing our table there for over six years
we did it over in England as well in
Ireland so it's just great to go down to
the more rural parts of Ireland and
shared it like a stadium yeah so we turn
like the smallest bulbs into the biggest
stadiums you know so it's good fun okay
well look as I said night Sally on
YouTube the joshua tree queen
experienced the copycat killers and bon
jovi all performing for the children to
lapland appeal the tickets are at the
door at the Red Cow on Thursday and then
the following week there's details on
the screen and the following week it's a
BS and tribute band to Joe Dolin now
we're going to get them to form Bono's
lining up Freddie's here they're all
ready to go to give us a great
performance this is just an example of
what you can see on thursday night
tickets at the door at the red couch
it's for a great cause do get along lads
take it away
Oh
no sex is on fire
with the words to transpire
Wow
who
Oh